in your search for the ideal
antihistamine therapy when treating
congested allergy sufferers your choices
have been limited
now when congestion complicates allergy
symptoms prescribe the only non-sedating
antihistamine decongestant that lets
patients stay alert introducing seldane
d but to an action relief that lets
patients stay alert seldane d combining
the number one antihistamine with the
number one decongestant for fast stay
alert you will action relief
sylvain DD is contraindicated in nursing
mothers patients with severe
hypertension a coronary artery disease
patients receiving monoamine oxidase
inhibitor therapy and in patients with
known hypersensitivity to any of its
ingredients
sympathomimetic Amin should be used with
caution in patients with hypertension
diabetes mellitus ischemic heart disease
increased intraocular pressure
hypothyroidism or prostatic hypertrophy
to listen to full prescribing
information call one eight hundred nine
three three four AMT free print and fax
copies are also available you can't
bring back the things she was but you
can't help her to move to her day I'm
hoping by easing the pain and
restrictions of her arthritis with
little Caron diclofenac sodium you can't
bring back what was but you can help her
celebrate today
and it's safe well-tolerated voltaren
diclofenac stolen from c bugatti number
one for people count contraindicated in
patients hypersensitive to aspirin other
NSAIDs or voltaren as with NSAIDs in
general the most frequent adverse
reactions are gastrointestinal although
rare st OTS GPT elevations which are
reversible upon cessation of therapy
have been reported with voltaren the
clinical significance of these findings
is unknown CN the program for
availability of prescribing information
you're watching lifetime Medical
television where doctors turn to learn
tagamet Brandes I'm editing my father in
this place when I was a kid did my
homework over by the bread slicer five
years ago the neighborhood starts to
scale up I said pop let's put up gourmet
section he said who's gonna pay ten
dollars for pound of coffee but he lets
me try now look he gave me confidence my
father
two years ago he starts waking up at
night were pains in his stomach he takes
antacids all day he's making everybody
miserable finally I get him to see a
doctor
it's an ulcer the doctor gives him
tagamet like night and day he's making
jokes all his life you worked hard my
father now he and my mother is down in
Florida
no more ulcers no more pain he slip into
snorkel that tagamet must be some kind
of medicine tagamet Stein manna Dean see
end of program for availability of
prescribing information bed quiz testing
the medical knowledge of three senior
residents in medicine dr. Stephen
Brunton is the host of this challenging
competition fighting some clinical
pearls and some fun go on rounds with
our faculty of experts doctors Thomas
Eugene Schiff and Jeremy Swan and
residents from the Massachusetts General
Hospital Barnes Hospital in st. Louis
and Stanford University Hospital met
quiz today at 4:30 p.m. on lifetime
Medical television left ventricular
cavity tears dilated
anymore a consensus study showed that
vasotec as adjunctive therapy
prolonged life in patients with severe
congestive heart failure think things
are really progressing pretty well they
detect also influence function in
patients with hearts and they take
highly effective adjunctive therapy for
heart failure at all okay vasotec is
contraindicated in patients who are
hypersensitive to this product and in
patients with a history of angioedema
related to previous treatment with an
ACE inhibitor vasotec from Merck Sharp
and dome this is just a quick but it
counts true or false
any other non-steroidal when it comes to
GI tolerability of course it's true
Belding's GI tolerability is comparable
with that of the other leading NSAIDs
including that person voltaren and
ibuprofen and safer than that of aspirin
to sa significance of buildings longer
half-life cell these longer half-life
limits effective once again therapy
which may promote increased patient
compliance the differences in half-lives
have not been shown to be a clinical
significance with regard to GI toxicity
three multiple choice how many days of
patient experience are there with
building
over six billion patient days of
clinical experience worldwide great
marks and tolerability and highly
effective in the treatment of
osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis
building is well tolerated as with other
NSAIDs GI side effects may occur in some
patients these include ulceration
bleeding and perforation examine the
latest evidence for the prevention of
osteoporosis using estrogen replacement
and other therapeutic measures this
month on milestones and medicine doctors
for prescribing information of
advertised products
consult your PDA tune in to lifetime
Medical television Sunday 11:30 p.m. to
1 a.m. or call one eight hundred seven
six two two three nine five you're
watching lifetime Medical television the
network for physicians only
this week on physicians Journal update
what is the physicians role in helping
terminally ill patients die to
physicians debate Washington state's
initiatives 1:19 and law professor Allen
myzel tackles the legal issues involved
in terminating life support
later on state-of-the-art diagnostic
imaging choices for your patients these
stories plus more medical news on pju
for November 3rd 1991 the presentation
and diagnosis of low back pain watch
family practice update today at 12:30
p.m. on lifetime Medical television